samples: nrf9160: modem_shell: location: options to send acquired GNSS location to nRF Cloud (#7488)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

      * Support for the GNSS features introduced in modem firmware v1.3.2.
        This includes several new fields in the PVT notification and a command to query the expiry times of assistance data.
      * Support for the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_PGPS_STORAGE_PARTITION` option.
      * New options to send acquired GNSS location to nRF Cloud for ``location`` command, either in NMEA or in PVT format.

>         Both MQTT and REST transports are supported (compile time configuration).
>       * Device information is sent to nRF Cloud when connecting by using MQTT and using ``cloud connect`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Both MQTT and REST transports are supported (compile-time configuration).
      * Device information is sent to nRF Cloud when connecting with MQTT using the ``cloud connect`` command.
```

Author: Fixed
